docs: document network persistence option (#1337)
platform9/vjailbreak: docs/src/content/docs/concepts/migration-options.md

### Move to folder
An optional parameter. Moves the source VM in VMware to a specific folder, good option to group migrated VMs and keep it out of the hands of the user.

## Network persistence

### Persist source network interfaces
When enabled, vJailbreak preserves the source VM's network interface names on the destination VM (for example, `eth0` or `ens3`). This prevents breaking guest configurations—such as firewall rules or legacy scripts—that depend on specific interface names.

For statically configured interfaces, vJailbreak also preserves routes defined in configuration files, ensuring the guest retains its original network behavior after migration.

To enable this behavior, check **Persist source network interfaces** under **Migration Options** in the migration form.

:::caution
**Important: Routing Considerations**

> If a VM has multiple interfaces on the same subnet and uses a mix of static and DHCP configurations, the destination platform may select the default route based on whichever interface comes up first. This can lead to asymmetric routing (requests arriving on one interface while replies go out through another), which may cause partial connectivity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a VM has multiple interfaces on the same subnet and has asymmetric routing table, the destination openstack platform may not support it and drop the packets. This may cause partial connectivity. This is mainly observed when a VM with asymmetric routing is having port-security enabled.
```
